
    

    

    

    

    

    

    Paladin

    Written By

    John Allardice & Kyle Toucher

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

     

    EXT. CASTLE - DUSK

    We FADE IN to a whipping green blur...we are cruising over  
    the treetops of an old oak forest...TILT UP to see the edge 
    of the forest approaching, a Castle just beyond it, perched 
    on a rocky crag overlooking the sea.

    As we break the cover of the forest we see the Castle is 
    under siege. The walls have been breached, as we pass over 
    them, we see the battle raging on in the courtyards below.

    At the center of the main keep a single circular tower 
    thrusts up into the blazing sunset. We push in towards it, 
    sailing clean THROUGH the vertical archers windows near the 
    top, into the interior...

    INT. TOWER ROOM - DUSK

    It is a bizarre cross of library, metalshop & chemistry lab, 
    candles glow on every available surface, strange liquids sit 
    in odd-shaped jars around the room

    The door is KICKED OPEN, the lock splintering, framed in the 
    doorway is our HERO, Cloaked, and swathed in rough leather 
    armor. He steps through and brandishes his sword at the lone 
    occupant of the room. 

    A older man, a MAGE who was busy pouring over his books.

                            HERO
                    You are judged guilty of turning 
            your heel on the face of the Old 
            Gods. Your sorcery stops here! 
            Stops tonight!

    He raises his sword to strike

    The MAGE's hand WHIPS out, the Hero's sword FLIES from his 
    grasp...it buries itself in the wall behind him.

                            MAGE
                    When you were a child, you sat - as 
            all children do, at the Right Hand 
            of Mercy.

    The warrior looks momentarily confused.

                            MAGE  (CONT'D)
                    As a man, that hand wears an iron 
            glove... You wear the hard winds of 
            many battles on your brow. The time 
            we have here is a luxury, General. 
            To waste it for the sword makes you 
            a slave.

                            HERO
                (simply)
                    I am a slave to no man.

                            MAGE
                    No, you are slave to many...all 
            that have gone before you, stumbled 
            in their stupor for blood and 
            riches, fame and accolades. The 
            thirst makes you hollow

                            HERO
                    This is no common pillage, no 
            campaign of Dominion. The 
            supplicants at the foot of this 
            tower have been released from your 
            malignancy. Paradise will find them 
            pure of heart.

                            MAGE
                    Your "footsteps of a righteous man" 
            are nothing of the kind. This 
            salvation you see for those you put 
            in chains....it is hollow, 
            transparent.

                            HERO
                    My calling is higher than your 
            conjuring, Wizard. Whatever the 
            gods hold for me I glimpse through 
            our conquests, the spreading of our 
            way. If rivers must run red to see 
            it through, then so be it. This is 
            The Law.

                            MAGE
                    The thrust of avarice is a blade 
            stained with the cruellest of 
            intentions. Laws are written by 
            men. Conquest is written in chaos. 
            But salvation, General...true 
            rescue from one's deeds and the 
            chains that bind him to 
            them....THAT is the voice of the 
            Ephemeral Wisdom, and that is the 
            voice you do not hear.

                            HERO
                    I hear only the law.

    He goes to the wall and pulls the sword from it, turns back 
    to the Mage.

                            MAGE
                    You have a choice. The ages have 
            suffered at the wheel of that 
            storm. If you choose poorly, it 
            shall be you that suffer the ages. 
            Only you can decide how long that 
            is...

    The Hero advances.

                            HERO
                    You cannot expect me to believe my 
            life is a falsehood.

                            MAGE
                    ...Your servitude will be sustained 
            until the work is done. You will 
            walk down the path of the Aeon, 
            your laws be damned, and hear the 
            voices of those under the heel.

    The Hero raises his sword, pauses for a fraction, we see a 
    brief uncertainty in his eyes, then HE SWEEPS.

    A FLARE OF LIGHT

    EXT. WESTERN STREET - DAY

    Three weatherbeaten & rumpled guys on horseback approach a 
    lone figure on foot, they look down on him..the situation 
    looks a little tense.

    The figure on foot slowly looks up from beneath the brim of 
    his hat. We see it is our HERO, he smiles wryly at them.

    A beat.

    Then the other 3 smile back...they obviously know him.

    EXT. RUSSIAN VILLAGE - DAY

    Early 1900's. We see our HERO and two young girls, obviously 
    his daughters, leaving a small ramshackle cottage in the 
    snow...they are bundled up and carrying several large bags, 
    obviously everything they own.

    One of the girls looks back longingly at the cottage, HERO 
    smiles and pulls her gently along.

    We CRANE UP as they walk into the distance, the little 
    Russian village laid out around them.

                                                      DISSOLVE TO

    EXT. TRAMP STEAMER - DAY

    The two girls looking over the railing of a ship, they are 
    looking past the camera and pointing to something we cannot 
    yet see.

    The HERO walks up behind them, the look of awe is obvious, 
    we CUT to behind them, seeing what they see.

    The grand form of the STATUE OF LIBERTY towers over us, the 
    half-built skyline of MANHATTAN in the background.

    EXT. WASTELAND - DUSK

    HERO is thrown headlong, he hits the ground rolling and 
    comes up to his knees, we PUSH IN on him to see a very 
    different man.

    His hair is raggedly crew cut, a patchwork of evil looking 
    scars cross one side of his face.. he is caked in dust and 
    dirt, which is ground into the heavy, futuristic body armor 
    he is wearing.

    There is a DEAFENING ROAR, and a BLAST OF JETWASH scours the 
    ground around him.

    He LOOKS UP, to see a heavily armed ALIEN CRAFT, about the 
    size of a large helicopter, sweep around to try and draw a 
    bead on him.

    He runs, we CRANE UP to reveal the world around him.

    You would rather we hadn't.

    The reddening sky is cut with flashes of explosions and 
    plasma beams...A ringed planet hangs heavy in the sky.

    ALIEN CRAFT crisscross the scene, blasting down at unseen 
    targets in the rubble of civilization.

    Back to HERO....HE MOVES

    

    Plasma bolt rain down from the craft, TEARING UP the 
    concrete. HERO DODGES a fast 90 degrees, the craft swings 
    round to follow.

    HERO SPINS, he RAISES HIS ARM, and UNFOLDING from his armor 
    comes a large menacing piece of hardware...we dunno what it 
    does, but it doesn't look friendly.

    Punch in on his face, his body kicks with recoil and we hear 
    TWO HEAVY BLASTS.

    The craft is hit in one engine and the cockpit, it lists 
    drunkenly and begins to drop.

    HERO RUNS, charging towards us.

    The craft PLOWS into the concrete behind him, tearing itself 
    apart, it DETONATES, a fireball that blossoms up into the 
    sky.

    As the debris rains down around him, HERO folds the cannon 
    back into his armor.

    There is a the sound of movement behind him, he turns 
    unhurriedly, a couple of people clamber from the ruins, they 
    are thin, dirty and dressed in ragged fatigues.

    ...But their faces are beaming.

    Others come up into the light, in groups of threes & fours.

    The swollen orange sun is nearing the horizon, silhouetting 
    the ruins of the city...The survivors turn to look into it, 
    this is the first hope they've had in years

    Finally they have the means to defeat the craft

    We cut wide to see them gazing into the future

    We dissolve through several decades as we see the city stop 
    its collapse into ruin....the skies clear of the 
    invasion...the city rebuild to shining spires...

    A credit suddenly burst over the picture, "PALADIN"...

    "New Series...tonight on channel 1147!"

    INT. APARTMENT - DAY

    We find we're watching a TV screen, eight feet, wide 
    floating in the air of a highly futuristic living room...in 
    front of the TV area couple of twelve year old 
    kids....giggling at the coolness of this trailer.

    The trailer finished, the TV's interface changes to a 
    complex multi layered DVR style UI, glimpses of other 
    programs flash past

                            KID 1
                (getting up)
                    Oh, we can check the site.

    His hands play with the air in front of the tv, accessing 
    Paladin's website, we see images and menus shift and jump in 
    sync with his hand movements

                            KID 1 (CONT'D) 
                    See?...it's done by the same guys 
            that did "Vortex".

                            KID 2
                    Cool.

    Kid one opens another window. Our HERO is seen within, 
    wearing contemporary clothes.

                            HERO
                    Hey there, I'm Max. Welcome to the 
            Paladin Hub, from here you'll be 
            able to access info on the show, 
            bios on our cast & crew and 
            exclusive behind the scenes 
            material.

    As he's saying this, windows pop up giving examples of each 
    of these features..

                            HERO (CONT'D) 
                    We'll take you right into the heart 
            of the action

    A behind the scenes shot of something large blowing up. Kid 
    1 is looking rapt at the screen.

                            KID 1
                    Oh, sweet.

                            HERO
                    So, enjoy the ride, you can access 
            me any time, by hitting this 
            button.

    He indicates to his left, and a button appears on screen 
    beside him.

    Kid 1 zips through a few menus and some talking head stuff 
    pops up; we're looking through the screen from behind as he 
    stares intently at he site.

    Kid 2 doesn't seem to be quite as impressed.

                            KID 2
                    So, the guys that did "Vortex", 
            huh?

                            KID 1
                (glances at him)
                    Yeah, you liked that one, didn't 
            you?

    He looks back at the screen, where more mayhem is ensuing

                            KID 2
                (looking unconvinced)
                    Yeah...I suppose

    Kid 1, still looking at the screen, frowns a little. The tv 
    is still blaring, Kid 2 raises his hand, and with a small 
    gesture in the air, lowers the volume to a background buzz.

                            KID 1
                    Look, they've got the first couple 
            of episodes on here, you wanna 
            download 'em?

                            KID 2
                    Eh...maybe.

    He turns from the tv area and walks across the room, the 
    other kid pulls himself away from the tv with some effort.

                            KID 1
                (following)
                    What's the "maybe" business for?

    The kids walk out onto the balcony of the apartment, and we 
    find we're hundreds of years in the future...the gargantuan 
    spires of the city rise all around us...the morning traffic 
    flies past, literally.

                            KID 2
                    I don't know...y'know I've never 
            dug these historical shows.

    

